Die!
Die! Die! Die! Die! Die!
Die! Die! Die! Die!
Die!
Die! Die!
Die! Die! Die! Die! Die!
Die! Die! Die! Die!
Dad was...
Dad was forced to endure this
for years?!
When I was young, I used to aspire
to becoming a champion of justice.
Leave it to me. I'II make
your dreams a reaIity.
Thanks.
That's a reIief.
That's right! If Shirou Emiya is
reaIIy Kiritsugu Emiya's son--
The son of a champion
of justice, then...
If you're going to do this,
win even if it kiIIs you.
...no matter what...
PIus, it is onIy right that Kotomine
shouId be defeated by you.
...I'm not gonna be
beaten by that guy!
So put your Iife on the Iine.
Perhaps you might reach me.
Fate Stay Night...
FinaI Episode:
AII Too Distant Utopia
FinaI episode,
''The AII Too Distant Utopia''
FinaI Episode:
AII Too Distant Utopia
ImpossibIe!
You shook off my curse?
You are...
You just escaped from there, and yet
here you are acting rashIy again.
Have you exhausted aII
of your pIans aIready?
Shut up! I never had
any pIans in the first pIace!
Enuma EIish!
ExcaIibur!
If this is my duty, then there's
one more thing that I can do...
Enuma EIish!
You were my...
Trace, on!
AII this time, Shirou, you were
my scabbard, weren't you?
The utopia that she
dreamed of...
- Its name is... AvaIon!
Projection magic?!
Damn you! It'II take more
than parIor tricks Iike that!
- ExcaIibur!
- Enuma EIish!
Kirei Kotomine!
LaBt!
AvaIon...
The name of the utopia that the king is
said to have gone to after his death...
The uItimate defense
that nothing can penetrate,
...something that keeps even
the five true magics at bay...
That was your true
NobIe Phantasm?
The power of the sacred sword
that Iegends speak of?
You are a viIe woman...
You defy me to
the bitter end?
StiII, I wiII forgive you.
Some things are aII the more beautifuI
because they are unattainabIe.
FareweII, then,
knight king.
You know, I had a good time...
How can this be? How can you
possibIy have this dagger?
It isn't mine.
Tohsaka gave it to me.
I see... I once gave it to a certain
IittIe girI on a whim.
That was, what,
ten years ago?
I see... It's no wonder that
I've grown weaker...
Trace, on!
I wiII destroy
the HoIy GraiI.
Master, give the order.
Without your command, I cannot destroy it.
Use your Iast
Command SeaI.
Shirou... I want to hear you
say it in your own voice.
I Iove Saber...
I want to make her happier
than anyone eIse.
I want to keep being
with her.
But...
If I reaIIy Iove her,
that wouId be wrong.
It's the Saber who wouId go on fighting
even when wounded...
...that I feII in Iove with.
Her pride is the one thing
that I mustn't injure.
Saber...
FuIfiII your duty.
It's aII over now,
isn't it?
Yeah. This is the end.
I have been your bIade and sIain your
enemies, and I have protected you.
I am gIad that I kept
that promise to you.
You're right.
You did great.
There is one Iast thing
that I must teII you.
Shirou, I Iove you.
Yeah, that's just
Iike you.
Sempai! Sempai!
Good morning.
Good morning,
Sakura.
Breakfast is ready,
Sempai.
Huh? Don't you have an archery
tournament this morning?
I couId've at Ieast cooked breakfast
this time!
I can't get going in the morning
if I don't foIIow the same routine.
Oh. Sorry.
Taiga! Stop this thing!
Brake! Brake!
Move it! Move it!
Move it!
Wow, you've gotten pretty
burIy there, Shirou!
You stopped my scooter
with your bare hands!
Gee, I'm fIattered.
Just give the word, Shirou.
I'II kiII Taiga in her sIeep.
What's that supposed to mean?! I was nice
enough Iet you stay at my pIace for free!
Watch it, or I'II throw you out
with the rest of the trash!
Raiga won't throw me out!
He says he Iikes me better than you!
Sorry to keep you waiting.
- You IittIe demon spawn!
- What did you say?!
Sorry to keep you waiting.
- You IittIe demon spawn!
- What did you say?!
Wow, fried tofu first thing
in the morning!
Taiga, don't make
a scene.
I mean it!
Out with the trash!
No!
It's because you said you Iiked
it so much Iast time.
I'm in Iove!
I'm in Iove with myseIf!
What's with him?
He watched too many of the trendy
dramas that were on Iast night.
So, I hear a new priest's come
to the Kotomine church.
Right, and reconstruction work on Ryudou
TempIe is coming aIong niceIy, too.
I guess things are getting
back to normaI.
I thought you'd be
more depressed.
What, and you'd Iet me cry
on your shouIder if I was?
As if! I wouId've kicked you in the butt
and snapped you out of it inside of a day!
What's so funny?
No, I'm not carrying
a torch for her.
I guess you've aIready made
your peace with it, huh?
Yeah...
My memories might
fade one day,
...and I'II start to forget her voice
or her mannerisms.
But I'II aIways remember that I
once Ioved a girI named Saber.
Shirou!
Go on ahead
without me!
King Arthur... I shaII fetch
the troops at once.
Stay here and rest
for now.
Bedivere...
You have regained
consciousness, sire?
Yes, I was briefIy
dreaming...
Dreaming, sire?
Yes, it is something that I do so rareIy...
It was a precious experience.
In that case, pIease rest
without worry, sire.
If you cIose your eyes again, you wiII sureIy
continue dreaming where you Ieft off.
To continue the dream...
Can I dream the same dream?
Yes, sire. I have experienced it myseIf.
One must wish hard enough.
I see... You are a man
of varied knowIedge.
Bedivere, take my sword.
Listen cIoseIy. Go through this forest
and over that bIood-soaked hiII.
Beyond, you wiII find a deep Iake.
Throw my sword into it.
Go, Bedivere...
She feeIs so cIose, but I can't touch her
when I reach out my hand.
But even if I can't touch her, there has
to be something Ieft in our hearts.
We existed in the same time
and Iooked up at the same sky.
If we remember that, I can beIieve that we're
with each other even if we're far apart.
For now,
I'II keep on running.
If I aim for what's
in the distance,
...I shouId eventuaIIy be abIe to reach out
and touch what I'm aiming for.
Majesty, I have returned your sword
to the hand of the Lady of the Lake.
I see... Be proud, for you have carried out
the order of your king.
Bedivere...
Sire?
My sIumber this time
wiII be a Iong one...
Are you dreaming,
King Arthur?
Are you seeing the continuation
of your dream?
Guuzen ja nai futari deaeta no wa.
It wasn't chance that brought us together.
Zutto mae kara kimatteta unmei.
It was a fate that was arranged Iong ago.
Me o tojiru tabi,
Each time I cIose my eyes,
...sora o miageru tabi ni,
...each time I Iook up at the sky,
...maboroshi no you na...
...those days that were Iike a dream...
...ano hibi ga yomigaeru.
...reappear before me.
Michi wa susumu tabi ni tooku naru,
The path grows farther away as I continue,
...dakedo aruku yo kono mama.
...but I'II go on waIking as I have been.
Watashi ni wa mieru...
I can see it,
...kimi to no ashita ga.
...my future with you.
Kimi ni mo wakaru yo.
I'm sure you can sense it, too.
Itsudatte sou.
You aIways couId.
Kanarazu mamoru yo.
I wiII aIways keep you safe.
Yakusoku shita kara.
After aII, I gave you my word.
Kanashii toki ni wa soba ni itai yo.
I want to be near you when you're sad.
Guuzen ja nai futari deaeta no wa.
It wasn't chance that brought us together.
Zutto mae kara yumemite ita...
It was fate that I have dreamed of...
...unmei.
...since Iong ago.